I'll kick it off to say you know what
have been some of the most profound
things you've been doing with AI
recently and you know how has that
changed how you think about everything?
>> I mean I I'll just tell you during the
holiday break all I had open was cloud
code and then even when I came back from
break so we have this AI fluency thing
going on right now and we're just like
okay screw all the other stuff. It's
like we we're mandating you got to be
proficient with cloud code in the next
six months and we're going to help you
get there. Um, and I I just think that
we have the p we have godlike powers in
our hands now. I don't know how to code.
I don't know about you, but as someone
who doesn't know how to code all the
different, and I'm happy to share my
screen, the different, you know, deal
revor, slack bots, the churn, risk,
escalation, you know, the expansion
opportunities, all these things that we
couldn't do before, we we we have these
things, right? And so, I think for me,
it's like it's almost like I discovered
fire.
>> All right. Well, that's that's a way to
to kickstart this this conversation. And
as somebody who has recently installed
cloud code myself, I I I
agree. It's like having the superpowered
crazy smart thing run off and be able to
to do a lot of things for you. It's just
a matter of, you know, your imagination
and your fluency in interacting with
with chat bots.
>> Yeah. And what I'll say, I mean, we can
tie it in with SEO as well, but I'm just
layering on like the the CRM and then we
we have Gong for call recording, but
then I have the HFS MCP, too. And I
don't know if you guys have an MCP
server, but I just I'm able to
basically, hey, what are customers, what
are prospects saying, what are clients
saying, and then what are the objections
we're hearing? And then from there, it
can recommend content we should be
creating. And then it can sync in with
HRES, so it can it can cross reference
the data and and just say, oh, okay,
looks like this this type of content is
trending upwards. You should be creating
it, right? And then maybe you can just
create a draft from there. So
>> yeah. Yeah. Well, uh, this session, I
think, is meant to be pretty
interactive, pretty hands-on. I think we
got we got a good 50 people in
listening, tuning in. So, I'd say let's
get the show on the road. And I'll just
kick it off to say, you know, what are
you thinking in terms of AEO these days?
And how are you even approaching it for
either yourself or your clients? You
know, let's get hands-on. But start with
maybe a concrete example. If you have,
you know, some some work that you can
show, then that'd be great. If not, I'm
happy to use, you know, clear scope as a
like a test bed for us to say, okay, if
we wanted to win a more AI visibility in
topic X, you know, how walk me through
like how you would do it. So, what works
for you? Yeah, I I'll just kind of give
the because because I don't know what
the um and if you guys want to drop in
chat
>> uh I think you I think I might have cut
out or Yeah.
>> Yeah. Anyway, but um drop it in the chat
what what level you you think you're at.
But I think the things I'm going to be
saying I'll I'll cover kind of the
blocking and tackling and you can fill
in there because I I think my my bet I'm
kind of speaking for Bernard. You tell
me if you disagree with me. I think all
this talk about AEO, GEO, LLMO, AI SEO,
it's it's it's SEO has always evolved.
If you're good at SEO, you always gotten
better and and you and I know some of
the best SEOs in the world. They've
always evolved. They've always gotten
better. So, this to me is just an
evolution of SEO. And so, you know, it
it's funny. Everyone, you know, the
people that are getting into AEO, right?
They're like, "Oh, yeah, you got to do
the listicles." And then now now all of
a sudden, you know, the um the LLM have
gotten better at just scanning listicles
that you spam on your website. And it's
like, oh, you got to do guest posting
now. Oh, okay. Oh, link building still
matters, right? Um, but beyond that, you
know, I think when you look at a website
like MSNBC, for example, they the things
that they do well that get listed in the
AI overviews, um, and I'm just going to
jump all over the place here, but you
know, they have a lot of these articles
where they're talking about the markets,
right? And when you check out one of
these articles, it just says key
takeaways at the top and there's there's
three bullets. Like those get scanned by
the AI overviews. The FAQs, those do
really well. like we we have our own
internal tool that we use, Clickflow,
and we use that to create FAQs. We use
that to create internal links. A lot of
these signals still matter because these
LLMs are grounded on like a Google for
example, right? Um and you know, look at
what's happening right now. Oh, Apple's
going to be using uh Gemini, right? Oh,
every everything goes back to Google at
the end of the day. There guys still 42
43% of search share. I think LLM traffic
is still like 1% and then chatp is like
you know you know. 20% or so. So all
that to say, you know, $116 billion in
profit here, guys, Google is still the
big um hairy gorilla in the room. But I
would just say that, you know, all the
things people are saying, yes, like we
call it search everywhere optimization
now where because 15 years ago, Google
was very much the only organic game in
town. But now the the game is YouTube,
the game is Reddit now. The game is if
you're doing shopping, Amazon, oh my
god, UCP just came out with Shopify and
Google's collab, right? So there's all
this new stuff coming out. And the rule
in marketing before used to be the rule
of of seven where if they see you seven
times they'll take an action. I I think
it's like the rule of 28 now, right?
That because you're you're there's so
many different platforms, right? And so
I think, you know, optimizing for
YouTube, like we have a new YouTube
brand guy starting next week, you know,
optimizing for Reddit. I think if I were
to simplify this and then I I'll turn it
back over to you, Bernard, because I
just gave you a lot. Um, marketing 101
has always been about, hey, where are
your where's your audience hanging out?
maybe your best customers hanging out
and how do you get their attention first
and how do you nail one channel first
before you scale it across the board and
then you can play the everywhere game.
Um and it's been like that for SEO. You
and I started with SEU in the beginning
and um gradually we got better at other
channels.
>> Yeah, I I think that there's there's a
lot of of wisdom in in what you're
saying. I think, you know, if I'm to put
on my business owner hat and my, you
know, marketing strategy hat, I think we
are in a world where cross channel,
multi- channelannel is even more
important than it's ever been. I think
you know that has classically held true
and is just expediting in you know how
many channels that the modern-day
marketer needs to learn, understand,
practice. You know, it's YouTube, Tik
Tok, X, LinkedIn, uh Reddit, you know,
just to name a few. And that isn't even
counting, you know, a lot of the more
traditional channels like search or AEO
or uh email marketing, right? So I think
it's all all pretty wild but I think to
narrow the focus right like a lot of
people here work in SEO and are being
tasked with AEO and I realize that you
know a a lot of AEO is you know uh
multiaceted
these days but what are some actual
things that you know you've tried you've
implemented that you can publicly share
yeah that has really worked for you in
the last like couple months.
>> Yeah, I I'll give you the last couple
months or so. So, I'll talk about us and
maybe um maybe a client or two. So, um
for us internally, so people will poop
like guys, the listical stuff still
works as long as it's AI assisted. If
you're making like top, you know, um 10
SEO agencies in Los Angeles, right?
Those listicles still work, especially
if you have authority on your website.
So, you know, you can use domain rating
or domain authority, whatever you want
to use as a metric. Um that works well
for us. And I'll give you an example. We
have one um we'll call it a programmatic
SEO page. So, one of these templated
pages. Um and these still generate
traffic for us. And I would say one of
these pages alone that we put up
recently generated one client that pays
us 50 grand a month or so. So, not bad
in terms of monthly recurring revenue.
Um and the other thing I would say to
that is when we ask people where when
they come through um our lead form,
where did you first hear about us? Not
how did you hear about us, where did you
first hear about us? A lot of it's chat
GPT LLM right now. But where are they
pulling this from? they are pulling it
from the listicles on our site and we're
also trading with other agencies too um
that's their top pages too right they
want to get listed on ours what like
it's okay like we'll do it right so you
know is that is that a little great like
yeah but everyone like that's still
guest posting at the end of the day so
that works for us any questions on that
before I move to maybe a client
so I I guess when you're trading
mentions or links or both my question is
have you seen
a difference in how important a mention
or a link is in terms of waiting in
getting more mentions and visibility in
AI like is there a correlation with
rankings domain authority or any other
you know metrics that you've taken a
look at
>> yeah one I would say whatever I'm
telling you right now I'm guessing But
my hunch would be that it is based on
how strong is that website linking to
you. Um it for example like there I
think I I did read some studies recently
around how like if you're a SAS company
if if you have G2 linking to you if if
you're an agency maybe you have one of
these agency directories linking to you
those are really strong websites right
and so I think if you have the the the
authority plus you have the mention as
well I mean if you think if you're
designing an algorithm it seems to make
sense that those two would have weight.
>> Yeah I I agree. I mean, I think on the
surface I think about
probably like page rank, like and I I
say that in a very literal sense, like
if you have a website and it has a page
ranking for whatever the topic or
commercial prompt that you're looking
for, that specific page is likely to
vote with a lot more weight. and you
know that domain could be you know like
a 5DR but if the page is ranking you
know in the top few spots for that topic
then it's likely to pass a lot more
mention weight or AI equity I don't know
what people are calling these days
>> yeah it's uh what do they have they have
the um so what do they have for HS what
do they call there's the domain rating
and then there is the URL rating
that's how I see it so you can call it
the page rank or the UR whatever you
want to call
Um I so for our clients right now what's
working is um if because a lot of them
are like oh we want more citations right
they come in they're like oh we want AEO
everyone wants AEO but they don't but
they tend to think it's very different
than SEO it's but we're not going to try
to convince them otherwise like they
believe what they believe right um and
so you know the things I mentioned
earlier what MSNBC does with the key
takeaways at the top or the the FAQs
that you have on the bottom. So adding
FAQs to these pages, updating these
pages too because when you think about
the LLMs the last 12 months or so,
what's it 90 95% of chat GPD content is
updated content, right? Um now that only
makes sense where it it it actually
makes sense. They'll just update stuff
to update it, right? Um but that's I
think for one of our clients, they may
maybe only had a like I don't know a
couple hundred citations or so. Um now
it's a couple thousand just by doing
this by updating content, FAQs, things
like that. I I'm like keeping a loose
set of notes for the key takeaways I'm
going to set after. I'm just laughing
because I just literally wrote on my
like text pad. I was like update stuff
just to update it. Um but
>> I think that is fundamentally true. And
the reason why I think that that is
super important is because large
language models are trained on training
data. And then when they're generating
responses, a large percentage of the
prompts that you ask will trigger what
we call grounding with search or the
fact that AI will perform web searches.
The idea behind why large language
models do this is because training data
is only trained up to a specific date
and time and training is very expensive.
Currently it takes a lot of time. So
what ends up happening is that the
agents knowledge is likely to become out
ofdate for specific topics which is why
to prevent inaccuracies and
hallucinations the agents themselves
will perform searches that then want to
verify whatever the claims that the AI
is likely to be making. Hence the
upto-denness or timeliness of the
content becomes even more significant.
And yes, we are generally finding that
AI will prefer to site content that is
updated in the last, you know, 3 to 6
months because it's relying on that to
patch any inaccuracies that it might
have with the response it's about to
give back to the end user.
>> Yep. Totally. And the I think the other
thing I would add here is when you look
at Google Search Console and you it used
to just look at websites, right? But now
it's looking at entities, right? So,
it's looking at your, oh, is this
YouTube connected to you? Is this
Instagram connected to you? So, it's
it's looking at everything, right? And
and think about it this way. They
already had a very strong search
algorithm. Now, they have I I think
arguably the strongest AI in the world,
right? And so, um, you would think that
they have more data points to measure on
and they can measure a lot faster with
all the TPU power that they have now.
So,
>> completely agree. Uh, we got some
questions. I think they're like talking
a bit about, you know, social, talking a
little bit about um yeah, just other
experiments that you're running. Do you
want to take those now or did you have
some other thought that you wanted to to
go down?
>> I I I can take some of those and then I
I'm happy to even I I I think we got to
get people to inject the cloud code drug
in by the end of this, too. I just think
it's so important.
>> All right. All right. All right. Let's
let's put a pause on this. Like I know
cloud code is all the rage and so I do
you want to show some some workflows
some things that you've been doing with
cloud code or yeah what
>> I I I I can do that piece and then I
want to come back and answer uh ECA's
question Daniel's question drop your
questions in here we're going to answer
your questions too but um I just think
this is such a it's such a seminal
moment and those of you that came in a
little later pre-show Bernard and I were
just talking about like I I told Bernard
like I don't know how to code and I feel
like I just discovered fire um and so
let me just go high level here and
Bernard you you can control my energy a
little bit because I'm just so excited
about this. So, so Claude Code, okay, it
sounds scary like yes, you're you have
the ability now. You have the superpower
in your hand where you can create almost
anything you want. And I'm going to show
you a couple things that I made. Um, and
just the ability to just type in what
your goals are and what you're trying to
create and going back and forth with
this thing and it just writes out the
code for you. And whenever the thing
doesn't work, it just kind of fixes it
for you. You just have to sit with it.
Um, we are in a world now where I I I
told Bernard,
I think in the next 12 months or so, you
and I, everybody here, actually, I'm
gonna have we're gonna have multiple
monitors, and it's just we're playing
multi-table poker. That's what I think
we're going to be doing. We're just
going to be hitting a lot of tabs doing
this. And I think the smartest people
are going to know how to manage these
things. They're going to know how to
manage people as well. And I actually
think that if you pick this up, you're
going to be head by year or two because
there's naturally inertia with people.
Like I was talking to I I I saw one of
my private equity friends um at at lunch
yesterday and he has a PE company. Oh,
I'm like are you touching cloud code
right now? My CT was sitting there too.
I was like are you doing cloud code?
He's like, "Oh yeah, all my engineers
got it, dude. Claude is great. It's
awesome." I was like, "No, no, no, no.
Are you doing it?" He's like, "Yeah, you
know, they got it, man. You know,
they're smart people." No, no, no, no,
no. You don't understand. And then the
moment that happened, that interaction
happens, I was like, "Oh shit." I was
like, "A lot of people are just not
going to do this right now, right? But
you all are in here cuz you're smart."
And so I'm going to show you a couple
things just to get the the ideas going
for you. And now I'm like I'm so
excited. I'm just jacking up all these
YouTube videos and just riding the wave.
Um Bernard, any questions before I share
my screen?
>> No, I mean I
Yeah, let's let's dive in. I I share
similar excitement and I think it it
will be interesting to see how you're
thinking about everything.
>> Cool. I'm gonna I'm gonna share this
with you guys. Um you know, keep it
confidential and all that. Um, so, so
check this out. So, this is our sales
operations room. I'm I'm just messing
with this right now, right? And so I'm
just like, okay, let's make a little uh
bot that tells me a little Slack bot
that tells me all deals that have
stalled out. Okay, so this shows me all
deals that have not had activity in the
last 21 days or so. Okay, here's the um,
you know, money at risk over here. Um,
and then, you know, should we should we
act now on this person? Act now, we'll
we'll create an an email for this person
or you can just snooze this for later.
This is still very much a work in
progress, but this one I I I told my my
team about this one. This one they said
is amazing because this actually pulls
this is all deals that we've lost, okay,
in the last, you know, the last couple
years or so. Okay, I can you can change
it to last 12 months or whatever. But
imagine if you're running if you're part
of a SAS company or a services company,
you're going to lose deals whether it
comes down to timing, maybe they went
with a competitor, maybe it came down to
pricing, whatever it is, right? But if
you pitch these people already, this is
time you already put in. Why would you
not cycle through these people that you
should be following up with over here
like you know there's um you know this
person over here or this person from
blockchain or whatever. Uh hit send
email and then when I hit send email the
email looks really good. I'll just tell
you what it says like hey Bernard um you
know we we connected 11 months ago
regarding you know X Y and Z. Does it
make sense to reconnect? Or if there's
some news because it pulls from a from
like a API where you can look at the
news for that company. It might
personalize the first sentence saying,
"Hey, Bernard, I noticed you just made
a, you know, you just raised a new a
round of funding. Um, hope all is well,
blah, blah, blah." But these are
actually good emails, right? And so,
this is going to get to a point where,
sure, it's notifying you right now, and
then the the human has to review and
then they have to, you know, send the
email. But eventually, it's going to
come to a point where if you trust it so
much, it's just going to send for you.
And the cool thing about this is anybody
in here watching this right now, you
have the ability to build these
products. And the the beauty of products
is they compound, right? The people are
amazing. People build things, right? But
we're all complex people and we don't
compound. I don't I don't think we
compound as predictively as a product
does, right? And so if if you arm
yourself with these weapons and then you
show your team how to do this, you're
going to be way ahead of every everyone
else. So, I'm going to pause for a
second because I I I think I gave a lot
there.
Uh yeah, I maybe something that would be
helpful for everybody is to see some of
the the magic if you will. Um and I
think more specifically maybe within an
application of like SEO. Do you have
anything that you feel comfortable
showing or
>> let let me show you a prototype that I
have right now. So, this is um this is
Okay, there's two things I can show you
here. Let me pull this up. Give me one
second, guys. Uh,
thank you for keeping on track. Okay,
cool. We can use this. So, there's two
things I'll show you. Okay, here we go.
So, I almost pulled up Claude instead of
this zoom. Um, okay. So, can you guys
see this?
>> Yes.
>> Okay. So, these numbers aren't accurate
over here. Just 8,500. Don't don't look
at that. But for example, there's a
weekly content performance thing that
pulls in my Google Analytics, my Google
search console. Okay. Um, my HS API key
wasn't working. I had to email them to
kind of kind of get that fixed. But for
example, oh, we gained for SEO agency
that that page. Oh, we gained 95
positions. We're position five now. Uh,
content repurposing agency 92. Okay. Oh,
this week's action. You should do this
over here. Now, is this amazing right
now? No. But how long did it take me to
build this? 2 hours. How much more
amazing is this going to be if I just
keep compounding on this over time? And
this feels like I'm playing a video
game. I played a lot of video games
growing up and I cannot like my friend
messages me all day. He's like, "Dude, I
wish I didn't have all these these these
meetings. I I would just be in Cloud
Code all day." And he's also not
technical. So, this is one um here's
your top converting pages. Again, don't
don't look at these numbers over here.
Um but the idea is there, right? If this
is going to surface things for you and
then recommend things that you can take
action on and then you can track if
these things are actually happening and
you can track the results, how much
leverage are you going to gain as an
SEO?
I got one more for you.
>> I got one more for you over here. This
is uh this is my SEO bot test that I
built. Okay. Um and this I've only
worked on maybe for like another two
hours or so. This pulls some Google
search console data and it's like, "Oh,
here's a little content decay alert that
you have going on. Um oh, we're losing
traffic on, you know, this newsletter
page over here, this Discord marketing a
I think we used to rank number one for
Discord marketing agency back when Web
was really big, right? Um and then, oh,
your your blog's going down over here."
But this is not that good on itself on
its own right now. We need to layer in
conversion data. We need to layer in,
you know, like whether it's HRES uh MCP
or clear scope MCP, whatever it is.
Exactly. We need to figure out what
other data we can layer in to make this
more useful. But that's okay. This is
the very beginning of this. And guys, if
I I'm telling you, two hours right now.
What else can you build? Sky's the
limit.
>> Skies sky is the limit, man. Um,
yeah. I I think these are pretty pretty
interesting. Like maybe what I'm trying
to ask is what if you opened up your
cloud code and we like made something
like
>> Yeah, let's do it. Let's do it. Here,
let me let me just I'll open up my So,
this is how I run it over here. So, I
I'm going to um here we can even do
this. We can ask questions. I can say um
you know I I need to reconnect the HS
MCP actually but what do you want to
make here? Let me just open up cloud
code this.
>> I'm going to give you I hope what is to
be an fairly easy project. So Google
search console exports out queries right
um and you can get your impressions your
position your clicks so on and so forth
for your domain. So I think a very
interesting thing to know is for an
export of Google search console queries,
you know, where is a domain strong in
terms of like topic areas and where
would be content gaps that they could
create content on to, you know, further
boost their domain's topical authority.
Okay, watch
here. That doesn't work here. I I took a
piece of what you said over here. I I
just hit dictate. Okay, cool. Well,
let's just let it work off of this. Um,
so literally it's going to ask you for
permissions. I I I didn't set it to just
yellow. Um, sometimes I I'll set it to
yellow, but um, so okay, switch so
switch console queries. It it knew that
it knew to pull from search console. Uh,
which where is a domain strong in terms
of topic areas and where would be
content gaps that they could create
content to f further boost their
domain's topical authority? Okay, so I'm
just going to you look this is how it
works right now. If you don't set it to
yellow, which means you kind of just,
you know, agree to all permissions,
you're going to have to agree to these
permissions. Okay, but this is how you
start it off. You literally I I just I
just let Bernard talk and I just hit the
record button on my I I use Super
Whisper and I I just I'm just letting it
go right now. That that this is how easy
it is to to begin right now. Um and a
lot of people on my team right now,
they're scared. It's like, oh my god,
what do I do right now? like people are
going to my engineers and and like
acting like they're tech support, right?
Um, don't do that either, right? So, my
biggest advice as we figure this piece
out right now as you see it happening is
that you sit in the poo poo for a while
cuz it's going to be like you're you're
just slamming your head against the
keyboard, right? Especially if you're
um, you know, very non-technical. Um,
but I I think this is very figure
outable by by many people. So,
okay. Anyway, it's it's it's working
right now, right? So, it's like, okay,
let me see which page level data to see
which topic areas have the most content.
Let me categorize the queries by topic
cluster to identify strengths and gaps.
So, we have a very strong SEO right
right here in front of us. SEO in our
pocket.
>> Yeah.
>> But but you get where this is going,
right? I I don't know how long it's
going to take to to build this. It's
going to keep asking me but like
you look categorize GSC queries by topic
cluster. This is great.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I wanted to expose
people to the actual interface and the
actual like back and forth because I
think as it stands cloud code is
extremely powerful but it's it's scary
right it's scary to like boot up your
terminal or you know some sort of a text
editor and then kind of do some stuff
but like you said earlier
>> you don't really have any coding
background and yet here you are
>> you know asking this autonomous agent to
do things and It's it's doing it. Um
>> can can I give a practical thought for
people maybe starting from scratch here
and then you know we can move on then
maybe I might show you something else
here as this builds but um if you all
are like okay that sounds good where do
I start? I would say if you go on X and
use Grock and search for who are the
people that are talking about cloud code
the most follow those people because the
the information stream on X/ Twitter
it's so fast right now and then some of
these people are sharing the best videos
out there and then you can check out
those videos right but I I don't think
if you sign up for a course right now or
if you do that like I just think you're
going to be so behind anyway um because
this stuff is evolving every single day
um that's what I would say so I'm going
to let this continue to pull up but um
Bernard what I would say is we have um
one new thing coming out um I think
today and I I basically had it create a
go to market plan for me that I dictate
I use my phone for this. So you can have
claude code on your phone and um you
know there's like these uh mix panel
events. It's it's kind of dictating hey
here's the different events you should
have for this product over here. Um for
a churn customer over here um you know
this is the last email you know about
reactivating clickflow. If you want to
come back the offer still stands here's
what you can pay per month for it. I
looked at all these emails these go to
market emails and they all looked pretty
damn good. like 90 to 95% there. Okay.
Anyway, back to this piece on the right.
Looks looks like we got something here.
Okay. So,
I have a comprehensive picture here. So,
basically it did an analysis here. If I
want to build a product, I can do that,
right? But it's like, okay, AI writing
tools, here's where single grain
dominates. Um, you know, here's how many
impressions I'm getting. Here's where
you're strong, right? Paragraph
generator, branded, SAS, social media,
digital marketing agency. We used to
rank number one for this keyword. So
it's like, hey, I can actually give this
these content gaps um to my team to
figure out how to attack. Do we upgrade
this content over here? Do we build
links towards it? Do we do we build
external links, internal links to it?
What do we do exactly? Do we update the
FAQs? Do we add some videos to the page
to have more dwell time? Um but at least
this gives me a starting point to go
after.
>> There you have it. This is this is why
if you haven't checked out cloud code,
you should check it out. It still is a
little bit painful. you got to do, you
know, some console stuff on your
terminal, but honestly, it's really not
so bad. I also got started and then I'm
like, "Oh, okay. I I don't know coding
that well." But yeah, this is pretty
crazy.
>> Yep. So, I'm sure you have ideas now.
>> Yeah.
>> I Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. For sure.
Um Okay, cool. Well then I think as you
can see there is a lot of stuff and I
think it's essentially becoming this
idea where your imagination is is the
limit. Um, you know, I think
architecting strategy and and plans
becomes, you know, the core tasks that
you as the SEO, content, marketing
manager really needs to start thinking
about, right? So, it's not about
necessarily doing the work. As you can
see, Claude Code is very capable of
doing tons of work. In which case, Eric,
I'm gonna ask you, what are the skills
that you think SEOs, marketing managers
really need to uplevel themselves on? I
know, you know, upskilling has been
something you've been very passionate
about over many years.
>> I actually think SEOs, so I I started
SEO and and I think SEOs are the most
dynamic people because you have to adapt
so much otherwise you don't survive,
right? And so you're in a situation now
where I I think there's there's two
great books I would recommend. One is
called thinking in systems because
everything you're building, if you're a
systems thinker, you're going to know
how things like if you build this tool
over here, how does it affect sales? How
does it affect marketing over here? And
how every all these systems interlink
with each other. Um so I'd recommend
that book. Um the other one is um I
think it's why greatness cannot be
planned, right? And so it just you're
going to as you kind of sleuth around in
these things, just understand that as
long as you continue to compound your
skills, you're going to end up building
something great. whether it's an SEO for
your company um or maybe it's the your
own company that you run right so I
would say those those two things I think
it's more philosophical um I think those
of you that have industry knowledge you
know the right questions to ask that
this if you know the right questions to
ask and you know systems thinking you're
going to know the right problems because
the biggest challenge with this right
now is my my friend sent me a message
yesterday he's like oh my god this is
the worst thing for entrepreneurs it's
the worst thing for entrepreneurs why
because entrepreneurs have ADD right
myself included Right? And so you it's
like, "Oh my god, I can build anything
now." Right? It's like, "Oh, I'm just
going to keep building all these
things." You got to make sure that
eventually there's going to be a claw.md
file where it you can just house all
your goals in there and just constantly
ask, "Hey, should I keep building right
now?" Um, based on my goals and then my
my cloud code tells me to stop building,
right? It's like, "Hey, you should
probably stop building right now. You
should focus on this. You should
compound these things over here."
Because Bruce Lee said that it's it's
not the man that's practiced like what
what 10,000 kicks. It's the man who's
practiced one kick 10,000 times, right?
So, use that um mindset. I would say a
lot of this is mindset.
>> I I think a lot of it is is totally
mindset. Um all right. So, let's let's
get into some questions. Um looks like
you got a a job candidate.
>> Oh, really? Where in chat?
>> Marcia, singlegreen.com/careers.
We're looking for AI forward people. Um
Ecta, let me answer your question first.
Ecta, Ecta, if you're still here. Um EC
Equa still here. Ecta, thank you for
waiting. Um, I'm not sure if I'm
pronouncing that correctly, but when it
comes to AEO/Marketing challenges, and
maybe Bernard, you can chime in here,
too. Um, attribution, how are you
currently tracking attribution? And so,
sure, you can use, you know, um,
Amplitude has a free LLM tracker. Um, I
HRES has the brand radar, which which
costs an arm and a leg, but they they
hook it up. Um, it's it's it's pretty
cool. Um, I think a lot of the citation
to LLM tracking right now is theater. I
don't you can disagree with me, Bernard.
um that makes for good entertainment.
But I think, you know, sure, we still
track rankings and things like that, but
what I would say is I was on a call
yesterday with a few of my friends. One
guy was doing $20 million a year from
affiliate marketing. 20 million. That's
basically profit. Okay. His websites now
generate $2 million a year. Good thing
it's not his main business. Okay. My
other friend, he started his main
business um in in the animal space.
We'll just leave it at that, right? Um
and it was all SEO driven. And that
business is basically like okay in
trouble. Good thing he he like started
he bought a bunch of other businesses
too, right? Um and so the main thing
that we're tracking is um we are for me
at least revenue is still going up.
Okay. So we we might be getting less
organic traffic but conversions are are
either I think they're either even or
higher. I would say they're slightly
higher right now. Um and because we're
still a lot of our original content is
getting grounded in LLMs right now. My
other friends, they're completely,
they're just like, and Bernard, I want
to get your take on this. They think the
content game, the SEO content game is
dead. That's what they've said. And
these guys are really strong SEOs.
>> Yeah. So, is the question is the SEO
content game dead or is it more around
the AI citations like you know, how do
how do you think about
>> both both of them? Let's start with the
AI citations. You know, is that theater
or is there, you know, good use to it?
So there's nuance to everything and I'm
just going to caveat that with the fact
that LLN and AI technology is fastmoving
fast changing. So you know what we know
today is likely to be very different
when new models and new interfaces come
out. That said, I think it is in a lot
of ways theater, but I think there are
some smart ways to to go about it,
right? And so I think the
nods to why it is theater is due to the
fact that the LLMs are very volatile and
the outputs are probabilistic and in a
lot of ways personalized to you know its
memory and context to each individual
user. In that way, what you get back is
very unlikely to be what I get back,
right? If we're asking similar prompts
and questions to to these models.
Therefore, a generic way to look at AI
citations that does not have the
personalizations, the contexts, and the
memory that a real user has is, you
know, like a lot of smoke and mirrors.
So I think that speaks to the theater
component. I think where it gets
interesting is within when you start to
look really granularly at the
probabilities.
And so what I mean by that is that as I
said earlier, when you prompt most AIs,
most AIs will ground with search, right?
And when they're grounding with search,
they're oftentimes trying to do
additional research that they think will
create a better response. So, if you ask
ChatGBT, what are the best SEO tools?
It's going to search and within that
search lies, in my opinion, a ton of
gold. And so, what we're starting to
look at, at least at Clear Scope, is the
probability of those searches occurring
over time. So you can imagine if you
prompt it once, you're going to get
maybe five searches, one for best SEO
tools and then four for best SEO tools
for keyword research, or technical,
right? The different categories of
stuff. Tomorrow when you prompt it, you
might get best SEO tools again. But then
maybe it starts to say for agencies for
B2B software and looks at you know
different categories of you know who
could be buying the software rather than
different categories of what the SEO
tools are trying to achieve. You do that
again the next day and you find that it
goes back to maybe the category of
tooling around you know keyword research
backlinks so on and so forth. And what
you get over time is a heristic of the
probabilities of how AI is likely to
perform or want to perform research for
that particular topic. You can then
strategically attack each one of the
higher likelihood reasoning chains that
the AI is likely to go down and in that
way you have a higher likelihood of
winning AI citations and therefore AI
visibility. So I think in its current
form, everyone's just saying, you know,
I'm hitting a blank API and this is what
you're getting. And in that iteration, a
lot of it is kind of smoke and mirrors.
But when you start to get deeper and go
into the probabilistic outcomes, I think
that's where you can actually take some
some action against it. What do you
think?
>> That's a very fairer and reasonable
response, and I agree with it, but it's
easier for me to say it's theater
because it causes more controversy.
But um are you and is clear scope are
you guys doing tracking right now or is
it mainly content? So we we've entered
tracking and we've done the at least the
first step which is to ping the generic
API and get back the response. And then
what we've been sifting through is the
fact that like we're designing content
against how agents are reasoning
>> for that particular topic. And then
basically the next time the the API
fires we realize that the web search has
changed. And so our content that we
basically created for the agent to
ingest is no longer that relevant. And
we're finding through all this testing
and customer feedback that well it's not
about the one time it's about the
probability. And now we're like
basically going and rejiggering the
whole the whole thing so that you're
getting insights into okay there's 100%
of the time when you ask what are the
best SEO tools chat GPT and Gemini
search best SEO tools 2026 but 60% of
the time GPT will search you know best
SEO tools for keyword research and 40%
of the time Gemini search best SEO tools
for agencies and these then become
cornerstones of content that you need to
create if you want to increase the
surface area of your brand and your
domain. So,
>> and that's a great retention play as
well. Um, so Bernard, um, I know this is
not the Bernard show, but let me ask you
another question here. So, the the the
AI content game, do you think it is dead
according like based on what my friend
said?
>> Uh, no. I think that is not dead. I know
I have a vested interest in saying that.
So, let me let me explain why I do not
think it is dead. I think that in a lot
of ways it is more alive than it's ever
been. You just have to be smart about
it. So if we go and backtrack to the
days of SEO, we know through the
antitrust case that you know Google had
with the Department of Justice that
Google relies heavily on user engagement
signal to inform you know whether or not
a content piece deserves rank one, three
or not at all. Right? So Google's
measuring dwell times. You're seeing you
know search journeys so on and so forth.
And Google has basically said at least
10 years ago we don't know what the
documents say. we just let the users
tell us, you know, through their
interactions that this is good. Okay, so
that's where we've come from, which is
to say that Google search results are
pretty darn good because they've relied
on users to select results to inform
whether or not a piece of content is
good or bad. In this new world where
you're no longer necessarily going to
Google or if you are going to Google and
Google has AI mode toggled on, you're
not you're not interacting with the SER
anymore, right? The agents are the ones
that are interacting with the SER. The
agents still need training data and
up-to-date information to prevent
inaccuracies and hallucinations on what
they're about to say. The contract has
broken though for publishers because
they're not getting traffic anymore. And
so they're saying, "Well, why should we
create any new content that's only going
to be stolen and I'm not going to get
anything but a citation? And what is a
citation even worth?" Because it's not
sending that much traffic. In this
world, agents are doing the searching
and they still need content to ingest to
give better results to the end user. So
in my opinion it is not necessarily
about you know oh creating content is
dead. I think it's about understanding
what kinds of content to create
recognizing that you're creating content
for agents to parse to then give a
better answer to the end user. What do
you think?
>> Yeah. So there there's a couple things
there. So I I don't think that and they
were most more so referring to SEO
content game is dead cuz everyone the
game back in the days you just you know
spam a lot top of the funnel middle of
the funnel bottom of funnel you'd have
big content teams right I think that
game is trending towards dying but to
your point all these LLMs are grounded
on something right and and the other
thing too Bernard made a good point here
is the incentives are broken now why
should the publishers be publishing this
stuff because they're not getting paid
anything that like website traffic is
dropping right they're making less ad
dollars and things like that um but I do
think that okay you know you have we
call it search everywhere which is
YouTube there there's always going to be
organic channels right and so I don't
think website traffic is dead yet blog
traffic is necessarily dead yet I think
you know uh Warren Buffett is right
here's a statue of Warren Buffett over
here so you know and this is Charlie
Munger so Charlie Mer Warren Buffett
like to say um they they like you know
they like cigar butt businesses and what
a cigar butt means is that you have a
few puffs left right and I think there's
there's still a a good few puffs left
with um the SEO content game. So, I
don't think it's dead yet. I I I think
it's dying. Here's the other thing,
though, like Brown, you said you have a
vested interest in it. The other thing
is I think a lot of people will panic
around this and they'll go even harder
on it for the next few years or so. So,
by no means do I think it's dead in the
next 5 years or so. I think beyond that,
I think we're going to see a different
paradigm because are our humans like
what kind of content are humans going to
be creating? Like are are agents going
to be doing most of the buying, most of
the researching? How's that going to
look? Are robots interacting with robots
more?
Who knows?
>> Who knows? Who knows? All right, I'm
gonna I'm just gonna steal the spotlight
for a little bit because, you know,
we're talking about cloud code. I just
want to show like this is how I went
around doing it while we were talking. I
I just spun spun this up. So, let's see.
Share my screen. All right. So, I'm
using a very I think basic version of
it, right? I'm just in command line. Um
I created a a test project called SEO.
Same same idea, right? I'm getting a CSV
export from Google search console and
then I tell it I want you to build me a
way to analyze switch topics. Uh my
domain is strong and then usually you
know this is common best practice now
it's like ask me questions until you you
have everything that you need to like
make this happen. Uh so yeah so I
answered some questions what kind of
application you know what are the topics
that should be categorized you know what
metrics matter most asked me some more
questions about you know different ways
that I want the classification to work
and then it got everything it need
needed it wrote me an HTML file and then
um yeah there were some problems you
usually tell it I have these problems
right analysis is failed and then um
yeah so this is what I got I put in my
key I dropped in my CSV and then you
know it did this basically as like the
the core like starting point. So again,
just kind of pointing out what Eric is
saying. It's really, really simple. And
when he says he has fire, this this is
fire, right? This is basically, you
know, if you're semi-technical,
um you you just get access to being able
to do whatever you want with data sets.
And so what I think a lot of people are
running around realizing is that with
the right data, you know, this is why
MCP servers are becoming, you know, a
very common paradigm because you can
pull data from HRES or Semrush or, you
know, wherever really easily. And then
with those, you can then start to get
these these kinds of insights that you
want like done. And again, this is
where, you know, systems based thinking
like Eric was mentioning earlier becomes
really important because you have to
come up with the whole kind of like
architecture and say, okay, like, well,
if I have these content gaps, what am I
going to do with them? And, you know,
what does all of that mean? And the
clearer you can think through all of
that, the clearer the um the outputs
you're going to get from from this thing
are are likely to be.
>> This is great. It's um I I think
ultimately you just need to get out
there and and and try it. Um and again,
it's it's not going to be especially if
you're not technical, it's it's going to
be very frustrating in the beginning,
but once you can get over the hump, um
every you you feel like a whole new
world has been unlocked for you. That's
what I would say.
>> I I think so. I think it literally feels
like you have this like super agent that
you just like can like go like, "Oh, go
do something and then it does it and
then you're like, wow, that's pretty
good." And then I think where you get
surprised is probably within like the
followup because sometimes it's like oh
well now that I've done this do you want
me to do that and you're like well yeah
>> well the crazy thing too is you can ask
it to interview you cuz most humans I'll
just say myself like we think in we
think in incomplete very poorly defined
thoughts right and you can ask it to
clarify for you. So there's a ask user
question feature in there and it will
literally interview you on all the
things that it thinks are missing with
whatever product spec that you have. Um,
and so, you know, it's this I think
think about it from an SEO standpoint.
You can think about it from a business
standpoint. Um, but that's that's a key
takeaway. Like I'm about to go like I'm
about to do a webinar right after this.
Clot code again. I'm about to go to
lunch with a friend cloud code again.
That's is all I'm talking about right
now. So,
>> hey, you know, it's I think it's a very
timely like time to be talking about it.
Um, and it is gamechanging for for all
kinds of different reasons.
>> Um, all right. I think we have a couple
more questions that I'd like to get to.
Uh, anonymous asks, "Love to hear your
thoughts about SEO AEO on socials like
Instagram. I'll throw in X, LinkedIn,
threads, Tik Tok as well."
>> Yeah. What do you think?
>> I don't think about SEO for those. I'll
tell you what, where like even for
YouTube when when um we're hiring people
to join the SEO team, um if they talk
about keyword tagging and things like
that, you're just you're out, right?
Because the every game um Yeah, that's
true. Every game has a meta. And I look
at every channel as a game, right? And
what I mean by a meta is the most
optimized way of playing that game. So
if we start with YouTube, I'll just give
you an example here. Maybe I'll kind of
go down the list. Um, when you're
playing on YouTube, what matters is the
idea matters a lot, right? Um, so if you
have a really good idea, like this is
why Mr. Beast does so well because he
has crazy ideas, crazy spectacles all
the time. Okay, ideas number one. Two,
your headline matters a lot, you know?
And then three, your your your thumbnail
matters and then your first 30 second
retention. Why am I telling you this
right now? This is YouTube SEO. not
keyword research, tagging, all that.
That's that doesn't matter as much as
what I'm talking about here, right? Um
now when we move over to X, for example,
X algorithm, Nikita um beer, who's their
their head of product now, I guess, um
he has reported on how the X algorithm
works. If you post really high quality
stuff for a very consistent period of
time, you're going to get a lot more
reach. Um and then if you get a lot more
reach, well then it should be easy for
the algorithms to spot that. Um, I
actually don't know if X is openly
crawlable anymore, but um, and nor do I
think some of these other ones are, but
I don't really think about SEO for
those. And same thing for Instagram,
too. I just think about a really good
idea. And some of these ideas take off.
The best ideas where I get millions of
views on Instagram is when Neil and I
talk about discounts for whatever
reason, right? Um, but that that doesn't
that also doesn't convert. So, you got
to keep that in mind, too. So, not all
organic reach is good. Um, you want
organic reach that converts.
>> Agreed. Agreed. Yeah. Each each system
has a different way to game it. I I
posted when M like there's that leaked
internal file Mr. beast's, you know,
YouTube, like everything. So, I just
posted that in chat.
>> Good one.
>> Uh, very good one. And yeah, very each
thing each thing is different. So, do
you think I I guess maybe I'm trying to
again reframe it around AIO AEO stuff
like
>> if we're to think about the 100% of
factors that goes into winning a brand
mention or a citation, I realize those
are very different. Um what person like
how would you allocate the percentages
in your mind you know from anything you
know like it can be off page it can be
you know brand authority it can be
content it can be social like where are
you placing that 100% of of stuff
currently
>> I think it depends so so I'll just speak
selflessly for for us we have a new new
new gal that's coming in um to to lead
SEO she actually loves clear scope um
and you know her her
whole thing that has worked at a
publicly traded company was heavy on
data storytelling. So if you're a public
traded company, you have a lot of data,
you know, the graphs and charts that you
show, those are really good at getting
not just links, but these are links from
large publications, right? And you get
interviews and things like that. Um, you
appear on podcast. So data storytelling
um is something that we're going to push
a lot harder on that goes directly under
content. And so if I were to answer your
question directly, um I would say I'm
probably spending in general, every
business is different. Maybe I'm
spending 70 70 80% of my budget on
content. 20 30% I'm I'm probably
thinking about how I can, you know, test
things such as you can call it PR or
link building, right? And the reason why
I'm saying 20 30% there is you guys just
saw some of my traffic. So I do rank
really well for a lot of um agency type
pages or these listicles rank really
well. I can either build internal links
to those links still work, guys. um or I
can externally link link build and I I
let's just say I have a friend um he
spent an arm and a leg on links in the
past and there's a reason why he's
ranking number one on everything. So a
lot of people don't pay attention to
link building cuz it's like doing sales
without being able to quantify what
you're truly getting at the end of the
day. So it's difficult, right? But um
that's what I would say. So heavy on
content, I would probably go more today
at least given my website because
there's a little authority on my
website. I'd probably go more bottom of
the funnel transactional content. of
these agency pages whereas in the past I
might maybe might have done majority top
of the funnel middle of the funnel now
it's reversed and so um you know data
storytelling there's the uh the lead
magnets as well or you know taking
certain you know products or features
that we have from like carrot or
whatever and giving those away for free
those do a good job of of attracting
links as well.
>> Yeah. So to then simplify it a lot still
heavy on content now more bottom of
funnel with unique fresh interesting
insights that add to you know the more
long tail topics that you want to
pursue.
>> Yeah. And I think what we're seeing too
on on X there's or X or Instagram or
whatever. Um I in the last year or so
we've pushed quantity not so much
quality. I do think if those of us that
are not just creating content for SEO,
but just content in general, if we spend
more time strategizing, we're going to
do a lot better. Um, because the content
just just rips that way. Um, and it gets
a lot more shares and there's, you know,
the retention times a lot higher. But I
found that when I go to the studio and I
I had YouTube consultants just writing
scripts for me and I'm just reading off
the scripts on a teleprompter, I hate
it. Right? What I you can tell that I
hate it and there's no energy coming
from it. Right? Like this one, it's like
you and I just having a conversation and
you're you and I'm me. That's how you
want to be when you're creating content
across the board.
>> Yeah. All right. So, that brings me down
that that this thought of, you know, AI
agents, AI personas. Like, are you have
you thought about dabbling with like a a
way where you have like, you know, five
different like AI personas, and then you
say like, okay, here's a marketing
campaign idea. Now, let you know, rate
it in terms of your resonance. Are you
at that level of like practicing stuff?
>> I I think we're going in that direction.
I'm curious because you're saying that.
curious to see what you're doing with
it. But I I just the fact that with a
lot of these um you know you see the the
videos now where like you can make
yourself into a you know whatever you
want like a you know a white person you
know whatever um you can make yourself
into a girl like what I I think we're
going to see a lot of that in marketing
and that's where marketers tend to
pollute things. Um and so so I I see
that coming. I'm not doing it right now.
I'm curious because you asked what are
you doing with it right now?
>> No nothing. I I know people are starting
to like go, okay, you know, this is
because
>> essentially we're entering this era just
based off of everything we've shown and
talked about where production and
building is largely a commodity.
>> Therefore, like you were saying, what
becomes important is like the ideation
and aspects of the clarity of the
execution, right? So I think if those
are basically becoming more of the
dominant ones, we then have to think
about systems to help us create better
ideas and to execute or at least to have
a more fleshed out way of thinking about
it. So I will give you
>> I I had a video um on Instagram that got
this was like 3 million views or so and
I was talking about this one company
where they use u models and when I say
models not AI models I'm talking about
like what female models okay and when
you have the models the conversion rate
goes higher on the sales conversion rate
the price goes higher or when you're
trying to collect a debt for example if
you have two models in the background
the the the debt collection rate goes a
lot higher right um so all that to say
this is just human behavior right and so
I I see a lot of people they're going to
be taking advantage of this um And so I
I don't know. I I just it we're going to
go into a crazy world. And the final
thing I'll add to this actually is I
think in person events are going to
become way more valuable. And so I'll
probably be bringing my events back. Um
I'll probably be doing like a lot more
virtual stuff, workshops, things like
that. I I think people just want to be
able to connect with each other. Um
because we're going to go into this
world where everyone's using Cloud Code,
but eventually everyone's going to
realize that oh my god, it's the human
stuff that actually matters. Yeah, it it
is the human stuff that actually matters
because guess what? I'm not actually
here. No, I'm kidding. Uh,
all right. Well, we got, you know,
fiveish minutes left. Like any things I
should have asked you or any, you know,
things you're really just brimming and
can't stop talking about. It can't be
Cloud Code.
>> No, everything lives within Cloud Code.
I'm just looking at all the things that
I've built. I'm just It's just trust me.
I it's um I would say if you're going to
touch this stuff, focus on maybe like
one or two core products and just keep
compounding on them and then just keep
getting feedback from your team. Um and
you don't need to like I know the
terminal that that Bernard showed and
like what I showed with cursor like it
seems like a lot of stuff. Even if you
open just cloud on your phone, there's a
little code section. There's even a
co-work session uh co-work thing that
they just launched this week where you
can test it on just organizing your
desktop files for example, right? Um,
and then on on the SEO piece, I think,
you know, those like it's it's good that
you all are here because you're trying
to continue to learn. I just I the
reason why I say we're in the best
position as SEO is because we've always
adapted, but the world's moving it's
turning even faster now. Um, so just
prepare, be prepared to adapt faster.
And I think the the SEOs that ultimately
win, not I think, I know, are the ones
that have always gotten better. The ones
that you see on Twitter or X complaining
all the time, those are the ones that
have always tried to just stick with the
old ways and they they haven't adapted,
right? That's why they just sit there
and complain all the time. Don't be
them.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you know, check out
check out Claw Code. Check out, you
know, all these new fascinating ways of
of doing things. And yeah, like Eric
said, it doesn't it looks crazy, but you
know, honestly, it's not not that crazy.
And then once you get going, I think you
will start to feel like you you found
fire, like like Eric said. Um, all
right. Well, then predictions. Let's
talk about predictions. you know, you've
asserted some some interesting stuff
like, you know, AI citations, visibility
is theater, SEO content is, you know,
gone, whatever. I know we've discussed
those, but what are some other bold
predictions that that you have for 2020?
>> I actually haven't written in my year. I
have it written in my year and review.
Do you want me to just read off these
predictions?
>> Do it.
>> Okay. These are very these are not just
marking. This is high level. Cool.
>> Go.
>> Okay. Okay. So, the rise of socialism
will continue to spread. Okay, Bitcoin
will hit all-time highs. Um, there will
be growing push back towards AI where
there's going to be a faction of halves
and halves not. I I would like everyone
here to be a have. Um, there will be
continued growing layoffs due to AI
gains and the unwillingness of people to
adapt. There's natural inertion
companies. Um, software products that
add a contextual layer. So, memory um
will become a default expectation. And
that's what gets me to stick with like a
chat GPT for example, the memory piece,
right? Um, and I think that we could
potentially hit 6 to 8% uh GDP growth in
2026. So, we'll see if that happens. I
was six for nine last year. We'll see
how accurate I am this year.
>> Yeah. I mean, I should make a prediction
market on on some of those, huh?
>> Yeah, probably. How about yours?
>> Oh, well, I I haven't really given it
that too too too much thought. I don't
I'm not you usually a predictions
person. Um, but the the one that comes
to my mind more specifically is Google's
AI mode. I think it's a matter of when,
not if. And I think it's not, in my
opinion, so black and white. I think
that in 2026 we are going to see like a
bifurcated search experience where
Google will automatically detect the
kind of query or prompt that you're
typing in and it will basically delegate
either 10 blue links or AI mode based
off of what it thinks will be a like a
more successful outcome for you. So, I
think that that's going to roll out in
2026. I mean, ads for AI mode have
already been experimentally showing up
and I think that that will further cause
concern at least, you know, because
traffic continues to decline and
executives and marketing teams will
continue to freak out. Um, that's that's
the one I I think about at least in
terms of um search. I think some other
stuff if we're just talking like off the
cuff, I think you mentioned this, but I
think Gemini will be the winner in the
generalized like AI space. Uh they're
just completely well positioned to do
that with Google search, YouTube, Maps,
Whimo, you know, Chrome, Android, you
name it. They they basically when
they're ready to for the world to
experience AI as as it needs to, they
just flip the switch and they have all
the the distribution already. This means
that more specialized AI will still
exist. You're seeing that happen with
cloud code, right? They're like, okay,
we're going to focus really hard on the
building and the, you know, code aspects
of, you know, software or large language
model capabilities. I think we're going
to see open AI really scramble to find
where they fit into, you know, this
world where they're losing both the
generalized game and don't have the data
and the access that Google has and
they're basically starting to lose the
specialized game to, you know, uh,
challengers like Cloud Code. Um, and so
yeah, I think those are probably, you
know, my my predictions.
>> Well, I think this is a good place to
end. Thanks for having me, Bernard. And
maybe I'll message you. You should come
on to to my webinar I'm doing next week.
Um but I I got to run to this other
webinar here. So hopefully this was
helpful for for everyone.
>> Yeah, totally. All right. Well, we're
going to leave it at that. I'll send
everyone a recording. This one was
definitely, you know, a lot more
hands-on, a lot more back and forth. I
hope you all liked it. And if you did,
let me know because we could have plenty
more of these. You know, we can make
them more hands-on and we can have Eric
back whenever whenever we want.
>> Yeah, let's do it. Thanks, guys. Have a
good day.
>> See y'all.